how does a nation go from prosperous to
collapse well in today's video we are
going to look at that see the actual
data the details of how it's going on
before our very eyes you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
it's important that we pay attention to
this so that we have our eyes on the
prize we can actually Define what has
happened over the last while it's very
clear but we are losing the battle
through the process of inflation the dev
valuation of our currency we don't stand
the chance to be able to afford just
about anything in the coming years I'm
going to show you what's going on with
layoffs we are talking about thousands
of people being laid off right now today
and imagine what's coming in the future
we will of course look at the Dynamics
that are going to impact you potentially
your job and of course your livelihood
so pay attention let's begin so we've
got layoffs I'm going to go through the
really quickly there's several but you
could see big banks are quietly cutting
thousands of employees and more layoffs
are coming you could see that US Banks
20,000 positions so far this year this
is the financial industry but of course
you look at the tech jobs hundreds of
thousands have been laid off so it isn't
just one industry credit s reades more
job Cuts you look at this Scotia Bank in
Canada cutting 2700 people KPMG to lay
off about 6% of the advisory staff in
the UK I'm just trying to show you it's
all over the world right US banks closed
3,000 branches last year and then Bank
of America closes 21 branches in one
week Wells Fargo 15 branches we are
seeing this all over the place I've
heard from you as well the things that
have changed but it's not just that it's
LinkedIn as well doing more layoffs and
noia cutting 14 ,000 jobs okay one by
one by one they all seem to be going and
trimming the fat they would like to say
so what exactly is going on here it's
important that we pay attention to these
details first things first there was
massive economic growth following World
War II you looked at all of the charts
and you could see storming ahead growth
everywhere the gold was coming to the US
they had the stable currency you were
seeing optimism I mean it was positive
left right and center the growth was
there everything and that post-war
economy and the fact that they were part
of the victors of that war gave them
what they would call The Spoils of War
that's great so you look at that you
have to use that as a comparison to what
we see today the never ending Wars and
it's certainly very different it hasn't
benefited the people overall right it's
not as if the war ever ends it's not as
if there's The Spoils of War for the
people the gold isn't
coming focus on the shareholders now
more than ever before don't you find
that oh let's not do dividends let's not
reinvest let's not you know put things
to make better products and services and
so on let's buy back our own shares so
that the direct s the CEOs the other
cclass people and everyone else that's
holding those shares will benefit but of
course it doesn't overall make things
better if you look at the example of
Apple uh you could see this overall
there hasn't been really any
inventiveness but they're just trying to
play defense at this point let's keep
the stock moving up and let's do the
absolute minimum we can to each and
every model of our devices
and we'll be okay oh but we're a
services company now anyway whole
different story here we go uh debt is
overused during a boom and during a
crisis right now more than ever before
so compare that to that period of time
not necessarily right after the war but
even you know several many many years
later it it's very different 1970s and
Beyond very different world especially
since the financial crisis even more so
debt deficits money printing all over
the place so a big change and we have
moved away from that Prosperity you
maybe it's in your circumstance maybe
it's your parents but how many times
have we heard one person in the
household was a able to no problem as
long as they were employed afford the
car afford the house typical Suburban
home it wasn't a challenge they weren't
scrambling ging they weren't living in
their cars there weren't homeless
shelters everywhere around every corner
there weren't even all the safety nets
we see
today and yet somehow it was okay I'm
not saying it was perfect by any means
but despite how much money has been put
into the system to supposedly help
everybody it seems like it's gone into a
black hole hasn't it isn't it strange
isn't it odd right reversion to the mean
we can expect it at some point a
reckoning and that's going on right now
today people are frustrated they're Fed
Up and things are certainly at a
Breaking Point a Tipping Point as
Gladwell would say I live in my car this
is an article um you know you do see
these and of course I've seen so many
videos about uh areas in San Franc
Francisco other places where there's
just whether it's a parking lots whether
it is a you know a strip or you know
like a street and people just lined up
one after the other RVs cars all these
thing Vans and they've become you know a
whole bunch of people just live live
there on on the side of the road it's
not really a you know a anything it's
just on the side of the road but one
person did it then another another
person and now it's everywhere they're
doing this
everywhere and with in this particular
circumstance with this lady she had she
basically said look I make $72,000 a
year however made some bad decisions got
into some bad debt one thing led to
another bad it was you know she she says
it's you know it was her fault but the
point is how many other people are in
that circumstance a lot and that's where
we're at imagine just imagine imagine
right
now the most ever people can't pay their
car
bills that's that's not good that is a
terrible sign uh the student loans come
in online too and everything
else my goodness well this is talking
about the shrink flation in products you
know that and the number I wanted to use
year they calculated at
12% reduction so imagine if the price
went up by 12% you'd be pretty upset but
now they just shrink the Box 12% and by
the way the quality probably just goes
down and down and down saving money to
buy a house your dollar goes half as far
as it did at the end of 2020 and for a
lot of people this is this is why I
don't understand these YouTubers out
there who are saying you are going to
see the prices of homes collapse
tomorrow because of one thing or another
is it the Airbnb thing is it just
because the price are too high I
understand that they should come down
they should come down by at least 50%
and that would make them still
unaffordable in many
cities but will they I don't know what's
going to actually make it come down
understand as they say right here the
value of your dollar when it comes to
buying a house you're using
debt is literally it has half of it's
purchasing power now that when you when
you think of it like that it's crazy and
so you are sitting there waiting my
favorite YouTuber said I got to wait
right here I got to sit on my hands so
that I can be ready for when that crash
happens and I'm going to buy up
everything oh that's right you're going
to buy with cash or going to use debt
what's the interest rate going to be at
are they going to cut interest rates
well why why what kind of Crisis is it
are you ready to invest in that crisis
is it pandemonium in the streets are you
just going to go indiscriminately buying
real estate what about the different
areas out
there okay and if they cut interest
rates do you foresee the possibility
that prices don't go down that much
because of let's say inventories could
it could be any any number of reasons
but that they actually go up from here
now what would you do this is the
concern and watch out who you listen to
please the the number one factor I've
been researching this every single day
for well over a
decade these people in control of this
money supply want one thing
inflation they don't want deflation they
want inflation and they will do anything
to make it happen yes there can be
deflation absolutely of
course but what are they going to
achieve in the end in the end more
inflation so be be mindful of
that inflation is following an eily
similar path as the one taken in 1966 to
1982 look at this chart down here you
could see it so that orange line there
that's where we're at
oh yeah CPI is coming down oh well we
saw that before and then what happened
it goes up even higher because you get
complacent things get hot maybe there's
a war maybe you don't know who knows oil
shocks we're kind of dealing with that
right now aren't we and you could have a
Resurgence and then of course that means
they have to increase interest rates
even more that would be devastating
what's going on with the jobs though
well I just wasn't in the mood to work
American employees reinvent the sick day
younger employees especially are calling
in sick more than they used to and some
employers say it's costing them money
and so there's a big back and forth
about this all I have to say is the
employers are actively trying to either
Outsource or they're trying to get rid
of the human capital Human Resources
right they're doing that they're trying
maybe they can't maybe they can't do
that this year maybe they can't do it in
the next two years maybe not even in the
next 5 years but they're going to do it
they're going to try everything they can
to get rid of people so keep that in
mind all right just keep that in mind
the new robotic Solutions Sequoia and
digit will support workplace safety and
help Amazon deliver to customers faster
so basically there's all about the
robots that are used at Amazon I noticed
one uh YouTuber is using a clickbait uh
title saying that making it seem as if
Amazon just bought
750,000 robots and now they're going to
replace a bunch of jobs no but they do
have 750,000 robots and they do want to
you know have less employees and want
more robots they're more efficient they
work 24 hours a day that's the way the
corporations work um but when you look
at that understand number one is that
they are the second biggest employer in
the United States You could argue about
you know the working conditions and so
on but they have a lot of people it's
not as if they're just bringing in these
robots and getting rid of the people no
long term though we know what their
goals are it's increasing productivity
so keep that in mind AI Automation and
the fact that the companies have said
specifically we are trying to implement
more
Technologies that's the writing on the
wall do you see what I'm saying here
here all right now you as the individual
you need to get your situation sorted
out and what you can do is number one
the the very first thing is understand
that you need to improve your skills you
can do that through any number of means
don't don't just
watch Regular you know your standard
random Youtube videos you go down the
the rabbit hole no if you want a
specific skill there are courses for
that a lot of the courses just uh make
the course creator money that's the
purpose of the course uh if you take one
of those guys they have those uh you
know options trading courses you will
not be good at options trading okay if
you take their course you will not be
good at options trading uh that's that's
a matter of fact um but what you can do
for instance if you want to learn how to
do robotics AI automation why not learn
that skill you can do it for free class
Central go to go to a search engine type
in class Central and you will get that
and actually learn that skill you can
add that stuff it's like from MIT
Stanford all of these places okay learn
skills um I for me I I I believe it's
all about business and e-commerce but
that's a whole separate issue um produce
passive income and so that's important
because while you're working your 9 to5
you're still bringing in money even if
it's a little bit out of time you're
bringing in money that's key that is so
important what if you lose your primary
you still got something what if you get
injured what if it's a health issue what
if it's a family member you can't have
this anymore at least you got this
people are they just they just refuse to
believe it until it's their
time just I've seen it happen I've seen
it happen hundred times okay you the
individual if you want somebody to go
and actually help you and you and you
want somebody to go look at your
financial landscape and just basically
say hey what's okay what's going on out
here well well there's the company that
I partnered with it's called money
pickle you can go to the my website the
money gps.com it's Link in the
description you go over to money pickle
you click that link it brings you over
to this page right here it says schedule
your free video chat it's your cfp
fiduciary these people will be able to
assist you and that's why I partner with
them and so um I think it's important
that people will get a handle on this
regardless of what you do if you go with
them it it supports me I appreciate that
as well so check them out it's free
doesn't hurt it's 45 minutes for free
and they cannot be a sales pitch and I
have not received any negative feedback
yet so for all those interested check
out the link in the description and the
comment of the day we are literally in a
financial crisis right now it's the
beginning interest rates will either
crash the economy or rates will be cut
which will sacrifice the value of the
dollar I want to thank you very much for
that comment and all your
comments what do you think is the
direction of interest rates will it go
higher or are we actually going to go
lower all the way even into the negative
I want to know what you think let me
know let's have that discussion I'll see
you tomorrow take care